1. Would you rather have perfect CS (Creep Score) or never die in a game? (Perfect CS or Never die in a game) V
2. Would you rather always get the blue buff or always get the red buff? (Blue buffs only or Red buffs only) 
3. Would you rather have a great early game or a great late game? (Early game champion? or late game champion)
4. Would you rather main a melee champion or a ranged champion? (Melee champion or ranged champion)
5. Would you rather play against a smurf or play with a troll? (Playing against a smurf or to have a troll in your team)
6 (USUNĄŁEM)
7. Would you rather have an unkillable tank on your team or an unstoppable ADC? (Unkillable tank or unstoppable adc)
8. Would you rather have a team full of assassins or full of tanks? (Team full of tanks or team full of assassins)
9. Would you rather play with a jungler who never ganks or a support who never wards? (Never ganking jungler Or Never warding support)
(USUNĄŁEM)
11. Would you rather have a game with all dragons but no Baron or all Barons but no dragons? (Game with Only drakes or game with Only barons)
12 (USUNĄŁEM)
13. Would you rather play a champion that can heal allies or shield allies? (HEALS OR SHIELDS)
14. Would you rather have a game with no summoner spells or no ultimates? (Game with no summoner spells or game with no ultimates)
15. Would you rather play with a high ping but a good team or low ping but a bad team? (Have a great team but bad ping or have a bad team but great ping)
16 (USUNĄŁEM)
17. Would you rather play a game where you can only build one item or where you can build infinite items?
18. Would you rather always get the first tower or the first inhibitor?
19. Would you rather play a champion with no crowd control or a champion with no mobility?
20.Would you rather have a team with all AD (attack damage) or all AP (ability power)?
21. Would you rather have a game with no recalls or no shops?
22. Would you rather play a game with no inhibitors or no Nexus?
23. Would you rather play as a champion with a stealth ability or a champion with a dash ability?
24. Would you rather play a game with no flash or no teleport?
25. Would you rather play a game with no flash or no ignite? 
